New Zealand freefall 2,000 meters
Groupon status for the call
here's Darren ty Qin the wonderful field
we've got a small bit of elite field The
Woodlands New Zealand free-for-all there
any and racing they is the green light
and the rare Frank I flew out I run the
inside Neriah Franco's got a lead at
easily from gotta go cuddle and change
over report for duty they're being
followed by awesome hombre y para lad
Auckland reactor is out second last and
like messiahs deep and last of all into
the first bit here comes change over
change over maneuvers around the outside
and render the lead from the Rio Franco
also employed gotta go tell my pal later
he's in the 1-1 last year's winner one
out two back then on the outside
Auckland reactor followed by report
Virginian like Messiah his last of all
the lead of 25.6 as they stroll down
milena and the leader is change over by
Osakis lengths over and second placing
the Raya Franco been filleted also bound
by the outside fly by gotta go Kellan
white power ladder then report for duty
Auckland reactor given plenty of time
over on the outsiders second to last and
last of all is like Messiah by the
winning post now may run out of the
straight the first quarter 31 seconds
neat and the leader is change over the
New Zealand trailing top winner boiling
for a half from in second placing on
changeover style is this great man the
Rio Franco then also Mambo and here
comes Auckland reactor he's flying
around the outside they get up into the
breeze big time gotta go tellin Floyd by
why Paulo later then report for duty and
like Messiah is rascal
the laces really are now in the back
stripe let's begin to rock Eddington
because the leader is time jive were in
the running him down
he's Oakland reactor up on the outside
they go after the top circle maintainer
Africa followed by back in behind the
morsel hombre gotta go Kalin dry powder
later didn't report for duty and like
Messiah last of all down the side the
second quarter 30.5 and change over a
half a length in front o Oakland reactor
on the outside it's the unbeatable
and these are champion oh why these
world-class all survived right second
nothing in the preferred these are
doesn't go telling the awkward
Parliament and Clinton behind chains
ever been the Rio Franco like Messiah
and report for duty is last and they've
come home in 28 he's everything mark
Burton has believed and war Auckland
reactor wins the woodlands New Zealand
free-for-all
well details I'm not going to run
through them it's 14 from 14 we got the
race we wanted Justin to leave a your
initial reaction I think in the context
to change over and how good is maybe one
of the greatest performances of you were
seen and 30-something years of watching
harness race with Michael for you
perform it's great job I might burden
that change of it isn't did of a heart
around an orca reactor has crushed him
inside that last three or four hundred
meters outstanding performance and now
they will be shaking in Australia
because if this horse leaves in the
Miracle Mile not even blacks a fake who
I adore can beat him what about the time
I don't underst I think they week I just
the way they left the gate the
oppression that was on on waiting for
the time because I think they flowed a
national record prior I think they could
have he's not he's not an emotional
person not good he's not a personally
gets carried away because he wins so
many major races but what will see later
on here is a little flourish of the work
very very real appeared and family for
them to even acknowledge that here he
goes
I've got the one yes I had the chicken
second seven awesome arm bro
and third twelve changeover fourth has
gone to fall why power led from two
gotta go talon and one Neriah Franco 5 7
12 for two one
the margins one and three-quarter length
one length
par for Nik the one his time was 2 21.8
am all right of 154 point one the last
854 point for the last four hundred and
twenty seven point eight mark you made a
statement earlier on this week that this
is the best horse you've ever trained
and now that's been vindicated it was to
step up to day Griego you know I didn't
know whether he yeah he's great also
said last week as a champion I think he
is and you know was a big step up today
but he just proved he is Mike you've
gone around from about the eleven
hundred meter mark you've got up outside
the cap one and he's won 356 on Tuesday
and you've run straight past him yeah
well you have cities of champion and and
that's what champions do very unlike you
a victory salute near the line or right
on the line and that just showed you
what that race mean to you yes I mean a
life Greek you know the owners little
the new owners new Opel have paid a lot
of money for them and you know so I
think it's been vindicated
it certainly here's Miracle Mile couple
of weeks time yes looks that way agree
congratulations to you deserve it my
well done thanks
I'm with there with John coot and the
and this is just on the phones of his
mother at the moment we'll just quickly
read John John book we've been holding
back to say the sources of Champions
today he really delivered certainly the
Freak freakish performance I didn't
think he could but I didn't have the
confidence look Mike pull back from the
gate and then he moved around with a
late to go and then it was race on
between changeover and yourself once
just like you said before five years
once I was shocked
John look you've seen some of the best
and fastest horses in America
wait is this guy come up against those
horses compare these right up with
anything I've said you know like to sit
packed we all know change overs are
brothers he delivered today which was
quite surprising they are really but I
wasn't overconfident myself as I thought
the jump is a big jump
Holy Smoke he just he just was unreal
anyway back I said now he's got no
chance but he did come around just kept
going
look Johnny's taken on our peaceful city
is by the extreme the Monkey King win
here okay off to Australia now and we
take on the big dog blankie likes a
fight yeah well we know how good he is
we're gonna have goose bumps again but
out of the way I'll sing today anything
can happen look at Australia here we
come John Curtin well done and what a
stunning performance from Morton reactor
they seemed
junkit in the eros oh look that's just
freakish stuff I just can't believe what
I've seen they spring in we've had a
remarkable week but I think this tops
everything just in 54.4 the last laugh
he said a new sectional Rick would pull
off fastest last 800 and choose their 54
rate he smashes that he set one off the
lockers from Las 800 the winds smacking
into a space up the scale yeah well
that's acquit that's that's that's the
deciding factor when you consider the
side the times of the free rides
wouldn't the day-to-day is just
completely against running those sorts
of sessions what I would say as Matt
perdón the driver we often talk about
the training progress but Mark Hurd and
the driver who didn't even hit made a
decision not to get involved in the bun
fight early on that was so smart and
that's what they were very who produced
one of those moments where one expects
him to do something he'll do the
opposite barrel finding each other and
burning gas early on he had plenty left
in the tank at the half you asked
Michael with if he would be changing
from there nice to juice he is a
champion well I said no no that's he's a
champion but it's net now it's a little
bit of a sad moment this was this might
be the last time he was see this was
heading to his home he will hit from the
Miracle Mile net we threw the Victoria
Cup yeast that we live on trackside
years
my so horse who may be as good as Samuel
people in the gist